well it's the first day of the second
week of Rubik with coverage presented by
mobile exciting right now by gorilla
once more as well as helmet who's gonna
help translate so gorilla you guys were
able to secure a first place finish out
of your group first off - are you
surprised at all or was this expected
though is a pack - rezznor contender
here - Andy anima creditable you look at
her go she's how much nail yes at one
end and a window so you go kick about
two volleys and time once upon a corner
so Costa comes a new logo and j-just
hang about here I mean we did expect
coming out of groups as first see but
today we almost lost to kick up Marines
and that actually caught us off guard
we're really surprised by their
performance and we really glad they were
able to win he talked to me about the
decision to sub in a different player
for the most recent game so just
consider three pocketing a yummy day so
I wasn't reminder zero Oh AJ Torino New
Zealand I was in danger so I can bomb
politeia iakh joeychiken ah so no cake a
miracie CA you got a bunny a guitar and
a single guru EJ do you wanna go
swimming we always thought that rascal
has four potentials but he tends to be
kind nervous when he plays on stage so
you want probably a more comfortable
environment and after we locked our
first scene we thought that this would
be a best opportunity to have him has
his first debuted on international stage
I saw a comment on reddit after that
game that said I knew it was over as
soon as gorilla locked in Jannah with
the fnatic skin can you talk to you
about why you chose the fanatics kid R&D
cool of suketaro pretty skinny jeans and
gun I yogi kanata
Omani they're gettin a Christmas movie
sale
check out fanatics I'm not scared to get
you all to know we could own a yellow so
you lost thousands of is it a toss-up
Cool J yeah Canberra is a phonetic
gender I'm talking the Sheldon and the
Kim Christmas I always I was always fine
with using channel with the phonetic
skin I always had my respect towards
yellow star and just feels I can play a
bit better when I use that skin are you
because you were a fan of yellow star
are you cheering for fanatic to make it
out of the group loser Dwight and you
managed to practice
teaming on his own hey Sanjay so you got
kick about the team are injured on kami
cannot with your Eccleston so I don't a
thank you so much
Oh gonna get in there can't even think
about the matter so after we beat the
gigabyte Maria's team records came over
to us and said thank yous and after that
I thought oh maybe we should cheer for
them as well okay well there you go it
and things are looking interesting for
these next couple of games but looking
ahead you know you are the first seed we
don't know who else is making it out who
would you like to face in the next round
the top Ontario you see their apparent
intention the article our most enduring
poetic edda g-man credo oughtn't Himmel
Crispin zippers much the andaman or not
miss Kyle
then the resort APO spent in Unicode no
POS the serpentine is a SKT orangey
samseong-dong de la maza team didn't say
it's a game Jerome Bettis a little Katie
Borghese we saw pian diamond is a hockey
done is Katie orangey Samsung Eclipse
media due to the current are in sensor
meta it's really hard to say which team
is better until we actually play against
them but for sure I would like we like
to avoid playing as SKT orangey and
Samsung are there out of the teams that
are not orangey asking the Samsung that
you think maybe we'll move on are there
any that you prefer RNG Samsung S key to
Tara how cool
yes Antony top hats in China hello hi
credo Cushman Tomita more desk I'll just
maybe it is same yeah I will I won't
beat well we'll see what happens I mean
it's a week to of na so we don't even
know if they're gonna make it out why do
you think it is that there's this there
seems to be this curse of Na doing so
well in the first week and maybe not
doing so well in the second scene and
we'll copy the one who knows I'm told
she from eating really tight her some
bad about you try Tatum come here a
normal person they we use it as a Chanel
done other catchy you do chase a
comedian Tim and motiva corruption angry
so case a mere on a machine I need a
genrika
sing a communist
well till now when we saw immortals play
so I'm pretty calm I'm pretty sure that
TSM and CNN will show what any power is
well we will see for sure is there
anything that you would like to say to
any of the Western fans gorilla they
really liked your last interview so
anything that you want to say to them oh
thank you for cheering us and see you in
finer okay there we go excited to hear
that all right thank you so much for the
interview gorilla thank you humming for
translating for everyone else you can
check out the rest of our coverage of
all things worlds right here on my
youtube channel thanks so much for
watching another one of my worlds
interviews I want to give a shout out to
mobile it's my coverage sponsor for this
event they are all about helping you
identify your personal strengths and
weaknesses and legal legends so you can
get better and by the way they are also
doing a giveaway so check that out in
the comments and you can sign up at
mobile xgg / Travis